So today I want you a lot
stable case of the company ag for the
Introduce iphone 5 so first of all
I have a good time with the
company for the provision
thank these cases
and then let's start with me
I have already introduced 1 on iphone
the second we will be the same
unpacking
the case exists in different ones
to find colors on the website
they have different names
but in principle they are all the same
case only in different colors here
just now in white and here in so
dark blue black then we look
times the scope of delivery
it is just a protective film here
This is a very stable case like this
We already ten ought to bump the whole thing
and then we just pack this
Let's have the case hour
outside then we can still do this here
Protective film issued the free
and whatever gets one
very nice thing is we can
Now put aside and then
we just get here
cleaning cloth internet card for
Align the bubbles fooled
then we'll take a look at the case
we have a rubber inside
incorporated
this is just to protect the iphone and
also dampen shocks
so here really nothing scratched it
everything is a bit soft that middle
we have a hard plastic like
also outside
that is kept so smooth here in the
In the middle we have a small ag
worked in with werner just had to
still and then we have five here
screw it with just that
be technically very nice
the new switch is free here
cut the louder quieter and too
the dear may button are included
and everything is free here, too
sliced
Let's take a look
this blue case to this is too
an iphone attached is the version
10, the connections here are wonderful
accessible nicely cut out here
mut switch is also still operable and
louder keys are still soft
wonderfully usable
here is the song like button
incorporated and works quite well
you have to say that they are touching
go a little harder with this case
but that's fine
operated
here on the right side we have like
not used to anything and then we have
just what was shown before what
may be a criticism is
here this generously cut out
Camera but also be an advantage
can
but some just do not like that one
here this strip from the back
we still see here, of course
being a teacher and a tablet that's what it means
do not mind if this is here
now also the calls had fallen
And in addition, that could be there as well
protect the supplied protective film
the iphone is with me now
this case a few times down
fallen and it is absolutely nothing
that means it meets the protection
in front
there really really good we can do that
Now take it off and then we bring
it on the white iphone
It does not go that easy going out
as we bring it pure
but that is with such a stable case
usually also standard we can do that
Here is also times to lie down next to each other
then we will see it will be
significantly thicker with this case tract
just bring something up then
here we have the black model smart in
the white case here with these buttons
reinlegen left first
and then we just let it in
press and then sits the already too
I personally like the white too
case on black iphone pretty good on
White iPhone will probably
even better, but here too
really very design-wise
successful
So I'm really with this case
very satisfied
the only criticism I have
here's that lax down here
this something is a little too soft
but otherwise this product
really very well done
if you like the product looks like
just pass the bottom of the website
I hope the video has failed
if yes could my thumb high
or leave in comments if he still
no subscriber could do it all the time
easy and free change
thanks for seeing and yes